Essentially, you know, a property says, you know, we're interested in repaint, and everything that we've done relates to square footage of a property versus, you've got 300 units, we roughly charge a 1000 a unit. Sometimes we charge more, sometimes less. Um, so. You measure square foot by... I mean, literally, if you... external perimeter? perimeter. Yep. Yep. Yep. So, you know, there's little doohickeys that all around, we need to take all those into account. But essentially, if you just took it the most basic thing, you look at a rectangle, you know, we're measuring this side, this side, this side, this side, multiplying it by the height. So, here's an example of a property that has five similar buildings, 25 similar buildings in 19 similar buildings. These were the measurements of those. So you got 14, 498, 13, 470, about 1,000 less square feet. Mm hmm. And then quite a bit less square feet. And, um, is this a project that you're in the process of quoting right now? We've already quoted and started it or we're starting next week from tomorrow. So, 456 are empty because there are no building 456? Yeah, yeah. This is just a template that we use for a lot of them. Um, there was only three styles of buildings in the clubhouse. Right. So you add up the subtotal for all those. You know, basically my formula, you can... Right. Yeah, it would add them all up. And then, so we have our total square feet. Typically, we use 200 as our square feet per gallon. Somehow, I went with 240 with this one, thinking they were gonna go with the same color. They're gonna change it a little, so I'll have to maybe eat a little bit there. But normally, even, even Sherwin Williams says you can get up to 350 square feet a gallon. And so we usually use 200 as our primary. So we always have extra paint. So I'm not too worried about that, but, you know, we take, there's our price per gallon times, the tax on there. So I've got 2,743 gallons at 93,000 bucks, or 14 cents a gallon, which is roughly where we're at. Yeah. So this is your quoting process. What other documents exist before a project starts? Um, there are what's called specs, the paint manufacturer saying, okay, this building needs this type of product, this type of product, and this type of product. They send that to you? Yeah. Yeah, they either send it directly to the property, it's usually the property that asks for it. But then, the property sends it to us, or Sherwin Williams sends it to us. And they also send you, like, the initial RFP. The, no, Sheryl Williams doesn't. Well, yeah, I mean, the property. And usually that's through a phone call. It doesn't happen. It's not a PDF, no. It's just themselves. There's a few that have a PDF, but probably 75 to 80% are. Hey, can you come visit our property, give us a number? Right. And part of that is because people know us, and, you know, a lot of them need other proposals as well, but for the most part, it's because people know us. So generally, this is the only document you have. This is your own, this is your kind of primary, free project document. Correct. The, uh, figuring out the square footage and applying the materials requested for that project onto this sheet. Right. And so, you know, there's our Finnish code, there's our sealer, there's the caulking, there's the last American patching. There's, if we need any metal primer, there's the bleach to clean the buildings. There's the actual metal paints, tape and paper to cover the windows. If any flooring, storage in the toilet. A lot of times we'll have a space for a lift as well. But no lifts needed at this place. So I've got 658,000 square feet. Um... Basically, when you add up the prep materials, the labor, the labor I have, a little cheap here, 23, we really aim for 25 to 30 cents a square foot. But, you know, I got 322 units paying my guys 475 bucks per unit. So I think he'll be happy with that. The, so the cost... I got my finish coat. For some reason, when I started the company, I always left the finish coat separate. So I got all the prep stuff, adds up to 44. The finish coat at 93. And then the labor, 152. So my cost, my projected cost to do this, 49 building project is $290,000. Yep. So for the company, I'm putting on 30%, so that's 87,000. So the total cost, and what I told them, it's gonna cost you $378,000 for us to paint your property. So then, what kind of document do they give you back when the project starts? Ooh, Buffalo, you scored to tie it. Wow. Insane game. Um, so then I would have sent them, let me see if I can find it here. You turn those numbers into, like, a proposal. Correct. Don document? So here we have Florrid on us, the shutters. Let me see. Do you have everything organized by the name of the property? property? You try to, yeah. So, they get this thing. Town hosts of floors, exterior, repaint, prepared for. I've got the property manager and property management company, address. You know, this is just a little bit about us. So here's the summary. And I used to have it spelled out a lot more thoroughly on what happens while we do, but we change it to this format. Jordan changed it much more simple, which he really likes it. Have you gotten feedback from your... People like it a lot. So pressure washing and painting, affordable quality will complete the Sherwin-Williams painting specifications to your satisfaction to all units and substrates. That's kind of a general statement. I probably should say so about pressure washing there. What are we pressuring all previous painted areas? The building facade's stuck on other masons of your surfaces, faces off, its gutters, down, spouts, trim doors, stair, stringers, stair railings, patio ceilings, walls, and floors, cat walk, ceilings, of course. So it just says what we're going to do. And there's that price that was on that Excel sheet. Right. $378. You just copy and paste that number in. Well, you just know it and bring it over. What's not included is a perimeter wall, which there's another 29,000, which they want us to do, and what's not included is a roof cleanse, 900 per building, which they want us to do. So this contract is actually going up to your 73, about 450. So there's a three year labor warranty, a 10 year product warranty. About 120 days to complete. Um, there's where I break down the building, so they can see them out of square footage, which they like that. That shows that we did our homework. Mm hmm. There's the products that we use. A little... And normally right here, there's pictures of every part of the building, and Jordan and Jessica have done that well. I just don't know how to do it well, so... Put it into this PDF. I'm sure it's easy, but no one has, they say they've taken the time to teach me, but... Oh, nice. Oh, oh, oh. Um, so you don't put the pictures in? Yeah. I mean, pictures in there are helpful. And, um, in fact, somebody just told me the other day, it was so nice to see our pictures in there. Let me see. Panda Doc. It's another one that we just won. Um This one? So I met with this board and walked the property the other day. But I sent the pictures to Jessica, and she put them in for me. Oops. Well, that was for something separate with them. Wash phase one. Yeah, that's the wash. There it is. Look how close this got. Hit the post. Hit his back. Hit the post again. Wow. Oh, and cop was right there. He hit it, too, but it was kind of, he laid down on it right when it happened. So, here is the square footage in the buildings. Here's the products, and then... Hmm, I thought she put some pictures in there. Oh, well. Yeah. I get what you're saying. So, then, for the most part, you know, they weigh this out, they probably got 2 or 3 other companies. You know, it's 159 to do this project. And, um, you know, there's only 13 buildings on this one. But, um... that's essentially, you know, the bigger picture of how we get the measurements, convert those measurements to real numbers, real numbers applied to the products in the format. And then while the project is going on... Buffalo just scored again? Wow. With 54 seconds left. That's not good for Detroit. Well, the lightning have lost. This will be their fifth in a row. Yeah. Do you keep these PDFs on your computer? Or do you always just have it in... No. No, they're on the computer. And I have not done a good job on organizing mine. I mean, literally, if you, I'm sure Jessica and Jordan have all those organized, and I need to do that, we have, like, if I got rid of... Is that not going down? No, get rid of a bunch of stuff. Well, there it goes. going slow. Let me look at my uh... I mean, I need to organize all my stuff. Um.. Okay, so let me, uh, pull the browser back up, and I'll show you this. Yeah, that's good. Just start right. Hey, that guy. So, on this homepage, tell me what... what did it make you think or feel when you saw just this a couple weeks ago? Um... Well, I saw it, but didn't know what to think of it, so... What is this? Does this upload project, Docs, contracts, bids, and spreadsheets? Then ask questions. Get summaries and surface insights through a conversational interface. Um, that, I mean, even as I read it now, I think, okay, how is that going to fit into what I currently do? Right. And maybe not just you, but you and Jessica and Jordan. So here's signing in. Hopefully I can remember my, uh... Oh, you don't even have to remember. It'll just connect right through your Gmail. You don't have to make a password. Okay, so... let's grab a couple of those spreadsheets and PDFs. Okay. Let me grab a... Yeah, you could just click, and it will open stuff up. to find things to upload. Grab a couple documents related to one project. All right. Let's do... Let's see, the one. That's the contract. Where's the Floor Ridge operations? Well, that one's not there. What's to... I'm gonna see the Palmer. Of course, I don't know if I have the Excels for a cheat on this. Where can I find my Excel stuff? Hmm. Just to a search. Got X, what is it, XL? S X? On iCloud. No, I took it all away. I want to go. Yeah, let's do this. Oops. Why does it say criminal word? Oh, we are in chrome. Let's go find her, Tap. Hmm. It doesn't look like you have very many spreadsheets saved. Where? Where is this one? This is the one that has... are the in numbers. Is that we were using? No. I'm using next year. Let me do this. Oh, no, you're using... the Sales Force online spreadsheets. I don't think I am, eh? Yeah, it was in SharePoint. A lot of them are? If you hit cancel, yeah. Okay, cancel on that and then... How do you get to your spreadsheets? Let me go back to... Yeah you're in chrome. I'm in chrome. But this is the settings, you could hit close that. Well, here's, like, if I do this, and I'll do... open. So here's some here. Right, but none of these are on your actual computer, which is interesting. These are all in... SharePoint, which is a... It's like an online spreadsheet. Okay. So you wouldn't be able to, well, right now, right now, it's just uploading. So, do you have a, do you have other? I have the other form for this one. Okay, so just do a download of this. Just go to file download. Or export. Or not, right there? Download is. Uh. Especially they don't let you download it as an excess LV. Here you could try CSV. Actually, let me see where this really quick. Yeah, it's CSV. Let's do this. Download CSV, you'll see what happens. All right, so let's do... Top one there. It wouldn't. Where do your downloads get? Yeah, the one... It was there. You just had it... the state's apartment, the very town one. Oh, okay. And then that's the excel. Right. And then the Palmer is the proposal. Okay. It was huge going up the middle. Oh. Oof. Tried toe drag it right behind him. Hopefully, this isn't sleeping. I mean, ours, our... procedures are so simple in the sense of... I think what would help us most if we could somehow measure buildings without going to the buildings. That, to you, still feels like the most powerful thing. Yeah. I mean, if we could measure a building, you know, and we try with Google Earth sometimes, but there's nuances on some buildings, especially breeze wasting inside. Right. That you just gotta be on the property. Right. Are those the two there? Yeah. Yeah. But it didn't look like it was working. Let me make sure this is. Don't check and make sure this is working. Hmm. I can't believe they won 8 7. Was that the final? Yeah, I think so. Ugh. Oh, shoot. I blunt failed. Let me check the logs. Final, 87 Sabers. That insane. 175, I think, at one point. Maybe even worse. This is where I'm not sure how to... I don't how to find the logs. It's an icing. My inner and Kimberly, I take off tomorrow to Tampa to start this cancer stuff. Meyer, can you make sure William and Benny get underway? At Regency? Kimberly. If you can... have World Quest. Making sure that we're momentum is going to have us move to get the rest of the front entrance finished this week. Kim, I'll probably need to walk Jessup's reserve. With you and Amaris, sometime, Wednesday or Thursday, as our goal is to start that project. The 16th Also, our goal is to start townhomes at Flora Ridge, perimeter wall, and... removal of shutters. On the 16th. Perhaps even some roof cleaning of the first six buildings on the 16th. So what's happening in this upcoming week? Minor, I need to talk to you tomorrow regarding known or preserve. Roberto, if you could have your pressure washer ready to go, I will have you pressure wash the Rapco building, which is 10, 10 Dyer Lane. Oh, cool. And Kassimi, Florida. Shine. Well, we just scored, huh? It's huge. Is Shinag Grand Rapids guy? Yeah. JVR found him. All right, let me try one at a time while I debug this online. Okay. Looked like that worked. Then the Palmer was the... Yeah, so it didn't work when I added two at a time. That's weird. Maybe he's having a hard time reading this PDF or something. Upload failed there? No, it's, uh... Yeah, failed again. Well, I had it as a panda dock. Um, transition to a PDF. Where were you just looking at? What was the folder? Um, iCloud desktop. There's a 211. Come on, Finney. So I picked. Nobody picked Shine, did they? Oh. Or cider. Or rhyme stack. Plus aim for 9:00 a.m. tomorrow. I can meet you at the property. Okay, well, I have the quote in there. So imagine you can now ask the app anything about the quote. Right. Is that something that comes up in your day to day? No, at all. No, no. I mean... Because you you will make the quote yourself. Correct. If I Jordan and I have pretty much kept the... When you're talking about the quote, you have the Excel spreadsheet, you're saying. Yeah, the spreadsheets. Yeah, those are formulas and numbers that we keep somewhat confidential. You know, even though I think for the most part... How, um... how the painters are paid is determined by our formulation of square feet, but how it's converted for their payment is... that particular property is 322 units. Right. And I'm gonna pay you 475 a unit. Right. So that's how, and you're painting the interior of these units. Extra. Everything's exterior. But you still count the building size based on unit. Yeah, I mean, that's, that's, uh, that's how they pay their guys. And a lot of it, they, you know, they have even switched to daily payment, which they have to be careful, because, you know, guys can work a little slower, and they're paying daily. But we've not we have not changed on how we determine what we pay them. Yeah. Um. Oh, is he outside? Interesting. So, I mean, really, after that... So you and Jordan never really discussed the proposal. You're both kind of making and sending proposals to multiple people. On our own, yes. And then once the project gets going, what are the questions that happen about a project in progress? As it relates to the finances, hopefully nothing there, because we have a pre construction walk with the subcontractor, and you walk through and say you're doing this, this, this, this, and this, and your pay is X amount of dollars per unit. I mean, even to the point that it's all written on a precon sheet, the amount per unit's written on there so that there's no questions asked. Um... Um... So every once in a while, maybe something will come up, like, Hey, Rob, I see these back porch floors are painted. Was that included in the proposal? And I got to think, okay, can I do that? And if I didn't, and there were painted, then I need to paint them. So I say, yes, go ahead and paint those. And then I eat the cost to do that. Well, that sounds like an important one. I mean, essentially, knowing the... knowing exactly what was quoted. Correct. So, for example, on here, let's say, did I quote the back porches? Did I put the back porch scores? Based on the document, I can't find any specific item for back porches. Yeah. Looking at the breakdown, the quote includes front, back, side, two entries, balcony walls, balcony ceilings, gables, exterior garage ceilings. The line item back appears to cover the back of the building, but this may refer to the back wall facade, rather than specifically back porch. Yeah, but that isn't necessarily helpful. You just go look straight at the spreadsheet. As far as the floors know, I can understand it. It's probably saying, yes, you're doing the back porch walls. And you're doing the back towards ceilings, but I didn't say anything about the floors in the PDF. Which... Part of the answer, it doesn't necessarily relate to me saying back porch floors. The... In that, quote, it says anything previously painted. So if I didn't measure the floors and the floors are painted, then yes, I'm responsible to paint the floors. Right. And I think on my Excel spreadsheet, I did put $5,000 in for flooring. Sometimes I put it in there just to cover my butt. Well, they didn't call a trip, no, they did. You just put 5,000 for flooring to cover your butt. Yeah, in case, you know, the front porsches are painted, or... Oh, boy. He got tripped? Oh, yeah. Is that ASP? MBN. Is ASP even playing? Somebody said that in her. I haven't seen him. Somebody picked him. Yeah. And Jason. He might not be. He might have been sat with folk put into the lineup. All right. Because he hasn't been playing well. I think maybe ASC will get in.