Say that again. So, properties will have different architectural layouts of buildings. Internally, they do that to create three bedroom and two bedrooms, difference, but that affects the outside layout. So some may have six to nine large ones, you know, four to six medium sized buildings, three or four small buildings. And then you have the clubhouse building, you have the maintenance shed. You have, perhaps, a car wash, trellis. So there's other structures that have been previously painted that we would need to paint again. So when you start creating a bid, you don't have any of that initially. You. Walk the property and create it. And if the app could tell you from a satellite image or from eagle view, that these are the building styles on the property. Correct. Then you could just punch the exact details in of the dimensions. Of that, Lawrence. You know, I usually break.... Break down the... And find a common one. Oh, so I got I'm trying to get your water bottle cleaned. You break down the sizes, buy building type. Yeah, for instance, building one, the front, the back, side, which would be two sides are usually identical. The gables, ceilings, railings, building two front backsides, gable, ceilings, reels. Yep. Just reserved, six unit, two story, and front, three story, front, two story, side A, side B, back, posts, port ceilings, porch walls, porch side bands, porch floors, porch steps. Yep. Above soffit, square footage. Can you send me a few of those? notes? Yep. Just the raw data. 